the kasan brigades hamas's armed Wing
has released a video said to show three
Israeli captives killed in an Israeli
air strike the men include an Israeli
French dual National an Israeli
Argentine dual National and an Israeli
earlier the kasan Brigade said Israel's
objective to eliminate the group in Gaza
was doomed to fail well s HRA joins us
live now from occupied East Jerusalem
Sara so what more do we know then about
this video released by The kasan
brigades yeah it's sh three young men uh
Israelis two of them duel nashal as you
were saying one who's part French the
other's part Argentinian uh now we know
that they are dead that's because the
Israeli uh forces had brought back the
bodies last Friday so that was a week
ago uh all for all three of them back to
Israel from uh Gaza but what's
interesting about this is that Hamas in
this video is blaming Netanyahu saying
we tried to keep them alive and it's
because of you I because of the Israeli
air strikes and the constant bombardment
in Gaza they've been uh killed now this
is the third video in the a short space
of time in less than a week that Hamas
has released uh as well as the Islamic
Jihad all showing men the last two were
elderly men all uh with messages
directed straight away to the public as
well as uh the Israeli government again
saying that come and save us before
we're killed in these air strike this
comes at a time when there are
discussions of a possible ceasefire
although we're not looking like it's any
closer with Hamas apparently reportedly
uh refusing uh to respond because they
said they want a full ceasefire a full
stop to the war Israel says that's
absolutely not possible so we know that
the families here are still pushing as
much as they can to ensure that
ceasefire happens sooner rather than
later yeah s and away from that video
Friday prayers will be getting underway
in a few hours time there where you are
what can we
expect absolutely uh just behind me
Diane as you can see in the distance
there that's the old city that's the
wall around the old city we've also got
Al OA Moss compound and every single
Friday we have been here there's been
targeting by Israeli forces with tear
gas with water cannons against young
Palestinians especially in an area
called Wy Jaws which is right on the
door step of Al AA uh mosque where they
try to go to the Friday prayers this is
a very important day for Muslims around
the world and alaka Mos is the third
holiest site for uh Muslims globally now
they try to get there and they are
pushed back every single time and that's
because the Israeli forces are stopping
and preventing youngsters from going
it's usually over a certain age and also
depending on their address where they're
from as well they say that's to avoid
any further clashes or any problems
during a time of War but for
Palestinians they're saying that this
restriction on their movement which
already exists but it's been increased
uh so much so since October 7 the since
the Hamas attack as well as the war and
they saying they're not able to live
like this if you aren't able to perform
the most basic thing for them which is
the prayers then what does that leave
for them in terms of the freedom of
movement we are already obviously this
is East Jerusalem it is under occupation
under Israeli occupation and they're
saying the Palestinians are saying that
it's just getting worse sah thank you